Nintendo DS Lite Get!
Published on June 16, 2006.
So I got my Nintendo DS Lite in the mail today.
My first impressions?
It’s hot! Comparing the screens of my original DS and the DS Lite is insane.
The original Nintendo DS backlighting wasn’t bad, but the Lite makes it look like it’s lit by candle!
They should rename it the “DS Light!”
Other impressions: It’s smaller (duh).
It also started hurting my hands when I was playing.
Maybe this is because I haven’t played video games in a while, or maybe it’s because the DS Lite is too small. I dunno.
I’m gonna sell the original DS to my brother, but I better not let him see the DS Lite until he goes through with the transaction.
Otherwise he might just buy a DS Lite himself!